(Episode 15)
You were...
my husband.
You'll remember me.
You were my husband.
You must give me the love that you failed to give.
Try to remember me.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I just had a weird dream.
What was it?
It's nothing.
Go back to sleep. I'm sorry.
Is it because of me?
Should I go back to my room?
No, stay here.
Go to sleep.
Go back to sleep.
Good morning.
- Aunt Sook Hee. - Yes?
I proposed to Hae Ra.
When?
Last night.
What did she say?
She said yes, right?
Congratulations!
You can still live with us even after we get married.
Am I going to be ill-treated?
Don't worry. That will never happen.
Goodness. Congratulations.
Sit down.
Hae Ra. Congratulations.
I heard he proposed to you last night.
Yes.
Lend me your scarf.
Okay.
Yes?
I'm going to...
marry my first love, Moon Soo Ho.
But I'll start wearing the ring...
after Dr. Moon's case is taken care of.
Was it too rushed?
No.
It felt great to be proposed to.
My dad did you wrong big time.
But my dad wasn't as horrible as...
Chairman Park thinks.
I trust my dad.
I do too. Don't worry.
I'm off to work now.
Hae Ra.
I don't want you to go to Sharon Tailor anymore.
Also, don't meet with her outside.
Why not?
I behaved coldly when I made her leave.
But don't you need her help for work?
No, it's all right.
Haven't you done business before?
You just have to suck it up,
and put up with jerks.
She's in a different level.
I don't want you to see her.
Did something happen that I don't know about?
Just don't see her.
Okay.
Bye.
Whose is this?
It's Hae Ra's aunt's.
She's coming to try it on later.
And men's shirts...
Wait.
Why did you make so many?
Even if the bodies were switched in hospital,
how was my dad's body found in such a place?
It's puzzling to me too.
I think they did it...
to hide the mistake...
made by the hospital employee.
I'm going to prove that my dad...
has nothing to do with the fire,
and that you know...
something about my dad's death.
You'll be late for work.
Signs of speculation appear in Geumseong-dong.
Defeats the purpose of choosing the neighborhood.
Demand for withdrawal on the rise.
Gosh.
That's weird.
There are only unfavorable articles.
Mr. Moon should go down alone.
- Hello. - Hi.
It shouldn't affect our company's stock value.
Please don't say things like that.
What if your words come true?
Listen to me. I think...
Geumseong-dong will be bulldozed out,
and new buildings will be built.
Everything will turn out well.
How do you know?
I always have a good hunch.
See?
Are you going to the public hearing later?
Of course. I'll hear Mr. Moon present.
Public hearing.
There will be a public hearing today?
What's that all about?
- A public hearing? - What?
Except for a few property owners,
redevelopment is better for the residents here.
- Yes. - Of course.
Regardless of revival project,
they've never...
lived in a 40-year-old house here.
They have no right to...
talk about preserving this neighborhood.
Exactly. This makes no sense.
Who do they think they are?
They shouldn't meddle with this area.
- I know. - Exactly.
Most people here wanted redevelopment.
Do you think this makes sense?
- It should be developed. - That's right.
A lot of residents...
have been won over by Chairman Park.
They've been working diligently in secret.
At this public hearing,
we'll hear a lot of opposing arguments.
It's not like we didn't expect that to happen.
Let's do our best to prepare for it.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Moon.
Yes?
I got presents for you to cheer you up.
There are two.
They allowed me to take pictures.
You seemed to like this painting.
Thanks, Chan Ki.
You're welcome.
The second present will be ready soon.
What is it?
Remember the strange text you received?
My friend is looking into where the message...
was sent from through an unofficial channel.
Just wait a bit longer.
It's me.
Try to remember.
Yes, this is Jung Hae Ra of General Business Team.
How many red bean breads today?
3,588.
Do you want to have lunch together?
I have to drop by Young Mi's shop.
I'll wait for you. Let's eat lunch together.
Okay.
Is it too big?
I'll lose weight in spring,
so make it tight.
You must be happy that I was kicked out.
I'm sad because I miss your fabulous cooking.
I prepared presents as a way of...
repaying Mr. Moon's kindness.
Please put them...
in his closet without him noticing.
Goodness.
Those are something.
Are Mr. Moon and Hae Ra doing well?
A lot of things happened.
Like?
Well, it'll take a while to tell you everything.
The best thing that happened was...
Mr. Moon...
proposing to Hae Ra.
I knew it.
They look so great together.
Will they get married?
When?
I think within this year.
They're kind of like a married couple already.
They go in and out of each other's room...
- all the time and... - Really?
- And? - They're head over heels.
Tell me more.
Goodness.
What's wrong?
What are you doing...
while doing a fitting?
You're Hae Ra's aunt. What brings you here?
Hello.
She told me she'd make a coat for me,
so I came to be fitted.
She seems to be sick all of a sudden.
What are you doing?
I feel like my heart is suddenly twisted...
and torn apart.
I think it's because...
she heard that Mr. Moon proposed...
to Hae Ra.
I know how you feel.
I hate to receive others' wedding invitations too.
Soo Ho proposed to her?
Yes.
Who...
drew this trash?
In the past,
no one was on your side either.
You think it's too harsh on you?
What did I do wrong?
Right.
You could've been pitied...
for what I have sinned...
until you...
made her into his real wife.
You made Boon Yi wear your clothes.
You framed her as Lee Myung So's wife.
She got taken away as a result.
- You knew she'd die. - I don't want to hear it.
You testified that Lee Myung So was...
a Catholic.
And...
you made them burn to death.
You...
are only...
a lowly and evil witch.
Excuse me.
Your grandfather's grandfather's father...
drew that painting?
Yes.
There must be a portrait that looks like me.
Couldn't you find it anywhere in your house?
Jeom Bok, that little...
I'm sure it'll be a torture for you,
but make a wedding dress for Hae Ra.
No.
You've lived for more than 200 years.
Have you ever held yourself in...
and done something you really didn't want to do?
I couldn't be with someone I love.
That's what you wanted to do but couldn't.
Something you hated like crazy,
but held yourself in to do.
Do it this time.
Then...
your obsession will fade away.
In your 250 years of life,
you have to learn at least one thing.
She made a lot of his clothes.
When will my coat be ready?
Mr. Moon.
Yes?
Your second gift has arrived just now.
They found where the unknown text was sent.
Where?
That's a bit strange.
It's a place which we've never thought of.
It's a clothing store in Cheongdam-dong.
- I don't know. - Maybe they went missing.
No way.
If they didn't,
why don't you know where your parents are?
Because they're traveling.
I talked to them on the phone.
They did check the hospital record then.
What was the name of the hospital?
What's wrong with you?
You're suspicious. Are you hiding something from me?
I'm not hiding anything from you.
Why would I?
Goodness.
Didn't you hear anything from Gon's father?
No.
Come on.
Hello.
I thought we were meeting at a cafe nearby.
I want to buy you some clothes here...
and raise Young Mi's sales too.
What's the most expensive and finest clothes here?
All our clothes are fine.
Is this size 44 or 33?
Goodness.
There isn't size 33.
And all the clothes here were imported from abroad.
Their sizes are written in a foreign way.
Is that right?
This one's pretty.
Hae Ra, try this on.
Forget it. Let's just go have lunch.
Try this on first.
Goodness.
I'm so jealous that I'm annoyed.
Young Mi.
Yes?
Why did you send me that text?
Pardon?
How did you restrict your number?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Didn't you send me a text?
I did send you a text...
to thank you for inviting me for dinner last time.
Then I'll submit the text to the police too.
"I was a researcher who used to work at the lab."
"Dr. Moon was killed by his friend, Mr. Jung."
I'm sorry.
I thought you were suspecting Gon's father.
It was an impulsive act and a mistake.
Young Mi.
- Yes? - I feel bad.
Hae Ra doesn't have a friend...
because she struggled so much to survive in life.
You seem to be her only best friend.
Well?
It's too big for me. I look like a fool in this.
- Give it to me. - I'm sorry, Hae Ra.
I'll get some clothes that fit your size.
You want to join us for lunch?
No.
I have a reservation to attend to.
- I'll see you later. - Bye.
Let's go. Bye.
Here.
What did you talk about with her?
Well, nothing special.
She looked awful.
- Hae Ra. - Yes?
You've got me. Don't worry.
I want to go somewhere with you after this.
You always take me to places.
Gosh.
Isn't this too much?
We still have so much time left for our wedding.
I wanted to see you in a wedding dress.
I wanted to see me in a wedding dress too.
What do you think?
It's so pretty.
You're the prettiest in the world.
I wanted to get my dress done at Sharon Tailor.
Forget it. Look here.
(Mr. Han)
Hold on. I'm getting a call. Sorry.
Yes, Mr. Han.
Are you far away from the office, sir?
It's true...
Dr. Moon got in trouble because of Mr. Jung.
Still, he was going to let it slide.
Then Mr. Jung didn't give up on his greed.
What greed?
He wanted to take Dr. Moon's research...
to use for his business.
How did you know that?
We worked on the same project.
On the night of the fire,
he came to the lab very late,
and they had a huge fight.
I saw someone...
on the night of the fire.
I saw him in Hae Ra's old family picture.
He walked in looking angry.
Short circuit, my foot.
I think...
the fire broke out because of their fight.
Why didn't you stop them from fighting?
How can I stop them?
Sir, we just got a call from the parking lot.
If it's all right, may I move it for you?
So...
do you believe...
that happened during their fight?
I believe that is...
highly possible.
Why didn't you tell the police back then?
I didn't want to...
step in to complicate things.
I was personally...
having a tough time as well.
Are you sure it was Mr. Jung?
Of course.
We drank together often...
and we used to go hiking. I know him very well.
I'm completely sure.
Did you find it?
- Pardon? - My wedding anniversary.
I asked you to find a restaurant for dinner.
Sir.
You must keep your private matters to yourself.
This is a part of work.
An employee of a travel agency...
ought to know these places. Isn't that right?
I found a few.
Good.
(A night out at Cheongdam-dong)
I knew it. Ju Hee is bad at work.
Do you have anything classier than these?
I'll look for more.
Thank you.
Why is he asking us to find a place...
for his wedding anniversary dinner?
At least he's not asking us to go try it out.
You know what?
I can't trust these bloggers.
When you find a classy restaurant,
go and try it out.
Do we get the corporate card?
This is a part of work.
Why?
It's you two that are eating there.
Let's get to the meeting.
Ju Hee, take this.
- See you. - Did you see that?
Short circuit, my foot.
I think...
the fire broke out because of their fight.
Mr. Moon.
We'll go first to get ready.
Let's go together.
(Geumseong-dong Redevelopment Hearing)
Let's preserve the town.
Please take a look.
- Go, redevelopment! - Please read this.
Let's get redeveloped!
- Please read this. - Say no to redevelopment.
- Go, redevelopment! - Say no.
Redevelopment isn't always good.
We must preserve the history of this town.
(We're all for the redevelopment!)
Let's do the redevelopment!
- Go, redevelopment! - Let's do this.
It doesn't matter if it becomes...
a place for speculation or redevelopment,
you cannot stop...
a town from changing over time.
Instead of letting the speculators get money,
it's better to receive some compensation...
to accept new buildings and new infrastructures.
- That's true. - You're right.
- You're very much right. - He's right.
We can become the fanciest town...
within the four gates of old Seoul.
- All right! - Sounds great.
Without the power that fuels the speculation,
it is possible to receive...
government funding to preserve this town.
Why must we get rid of this beautiful town...
filled with houses that are over 100 years old?
You're right!
- That's not realistic. - All right!
What the townspeople need is...
not preserving and fixing these old houses.
What they need is new infrastructure.
Why do you think a building with...
a large parking lot and a food court is bad?
- Right. - We want that too.
- Exactly. - We'd like that.
- You're right! - Yes.
- You're right. - We agree.
Do you want your town to be just another one...
that's filled with the same apartments?
We love it.
Everyone lives in a modern home now.
Why do we have to live in old houses?
- Right. - You also live...
in a huge modern mansion.
You can try to...
make that argument if you live here.
- Yes. - Try living here.
- He doesn't know. - He has no idea.
Mr. Moon.
Why did you choose this town of all places?
It's because this town has...
that antiquity which isn't easily found...
within the four gates of the old Seoul.
If this town gets preserved,
its value would be incalculable.
Isn't it because of a woman?
A woman?
A successful businessman who lives in the US...
returns to Korea,
then preserves a town that has the memories...
of his first love.
Doesn't that sound like a plot from a movie?
Is that true?
If it is, he must be insane, right?
- He is. - That's crazy.
He's a man of all men. A real man.
Does he think this is a drama?
As a fellow man,
I have respect...
for such love.
However,
the inconvenience of the townspeople are...
far too great to help you...
boast about your love through the preservation.
Why did the town...
of your memory have to be this place?
I'd like to express my regret about that.
That's unbelievable.
Are you spending that much money on a woman?
You're a lunatic.
Is this true? Is it because of a woman?
- Unbelievable. - Goodness.
Please give them an answer,
Mr. Moon.
I won't deny that. That's partially true.
Did he just say yes?
- He's crazy. - Completely insane.
My goodness. He's insane.
Yes, it's a town that has memories of my first love.
But this town is also beautiful and valuable.
If you want to spend your money,
go throw them down Han River.
Why are you...
trying to make a joke out of my town?
Back off. Resign!
- Resign! - Resign!
- Back off! - Resign!
Get it? Just go.
Wait, one second.
Who is this woman?
Is she here?
Who is it? Raise your hand.
I'll pluck out all of your hair.
- Who is it? - Is she here?
- Let's see her. - Is she here?
- Where are you? - Let's see who you are.
Please calm down.
Today was...
a day to hear out both sides' arguments.
We can put our efforts together...
to stop this town from getting selected...
as a trial for the City Revival Project.
- That's great. - You're right.
- Let's stop this. - Yes.
We must protect our town.
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
Hello.
I am an employee at a travel agency...
working together with Mr. Moon...
on Seoul Neighborhood Revival Project.
Please let me share a word.
Since I work at a travel agency,
I know of many great places...
around this world,
although I have not been to every single one.
Those places that you all dream of visiting.
I believed that this town...
would become like one of those places.
Somewhere my grandmother's place could be.
And a place that doesn't change over time...
and comforts you when you're down.
Why do you seek romance in my neighborhood?
- She's right. - Exactly.
Then I'll tell you something realistic.
The development recompense won't be enough...
to buy a new building.
So you'll need to take out a loan.
- A loan? - Take out a loan?
- A loan? - What loan?
Do you know much about...
the loan regulation policy?
- What? - What regulation policy?
I've had a loan problem for 30 years.
It's a reality.
She's right.
They showed you a rose-colored picture,
but never told you about realistic problems.
- I never heard that. - What's going on?
I should think about this.
What does she mean?
Have you heard about that? I haven't.
You may lose history and tradition,
and gain a massive amount of loan.
What are you talking about?
The disappearance of this persimmon tree town...
is a huge loss for this country.
So please reconsider.
Thank you.
Well...
Goodness.
Where are you going?
- Sir. - Where are you going?
You should stay seated until the end.
- Come on. - Gosh.
Come here.
- Let's go. - Don't leave.
- Wait. - Let's think about this.
What are you doing?
Why didn't you tell us?
I need to think about this.
Think about it. We'll talk later.
Goodbye.
It's cold.
Why did you have to say it like that?
What I said was true.
You used to curse your dad,
but you're becoming like him.
If you insult Soo Ho in front of people again,
I won't stand it.
Soo Ho.
I'm jealous of him.
[VIU Ver] E15 Black Knight "Strange Flashbacks"
-= Ruo Xi =-
The hearing is over.
Why do you keep fighting?
What are you doing here?
The neighborhood needs to be developed...
so I can get rich.
Come to my shop tomorrow.
I have something to say.
Say it now.
I can't.
(Moon Soo Ho Out!)
(Geumseong-dong Redevelopment Hearing)
Gosh, they should save paper.
What are they doing?
Get in. I'll take them off for you.
At work, we always have to print double-sided.
These are waste of good papers.
I'm sorry, Hae Ra.
What for?
I expected worse.
They're nice people.
What would you have done if they threw bricks?
Never mind them.
We expected this to happen,
right?
Don't mind them.
Soo Ho. What was that?
- Are you okay? - Get in.
Get in.
You'll get hurt if you're with her.
Don't you remember?
The bleeding stopped.
But don't you need to take some painkillers?
It's okay because you treated it well.
Sleep tight.
- Hae Ra. - Yes?
You were awesome today.
And you were the prettiest.
Do you want me to hold your hand?
Yes.
All right.
You should've said no.
That it wasn't because of your first love.
Why didn't you say that?
Why do you think?
I won't say it.
Okay. Just keep it to yourself.
I got the pictures from that day.
There.
What do you think?
You're pretty.
I should print one out and put it on my desk.
Go to sleep now.
I need to lie down.
You'll get hurt if you're with her.
Don't you remember?
You're not asleep yet?
What's wrong?
Goodness.
You're bleeding again.
Should we go to the ER?
No, it's okay.
Let me get the first aid kit.
I think the bleeding almost stopped.
Soo Ho.
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
Yes, I am.
Yes.
Hello, this is Blacksmith's.
Is Mr. Moon there?
He hasn't come to the office yet.
I'm...
Hello?
Help me. Help me!
Are you okay? What happened?
Goodness.
Is he injured?
Thank goodness he's fine.
I'll talk to Mr. Yoon.
Good morning.
How's your head?
I'm all better. I'm okay.
That's good to hear.
- Hae Ra. - Yes?
Do you remember this man by any chance?
I don't know. Who is he?
He's a researcher who used to work with my father.
How did you know that?
He said he was close with him.
They went hiking together too. Just asking.
What did he say to you?
Nothing much.
He said he was reminded of the past.
I don't remember him at all.
What's his name?
Dr. Do Shin Jae.
Dr. Do Shin Jae?
Have a seat.
Okay.
Here.
Mr. Moon.
It took us some time to find it.
If it's all right, may I move it for you?
(Reading)
He did meet Chairman Park.
We're not sure what they talked about though.
Do Shin Jae.
Dr. Do Shin Jae.
I think I've heard of that name somewhere.
Maybe it's because of his name,
but he's crazy in gambling.
He came to me today...
and asked me to lend him some money,
saying he'd get me...
Dr. Moon's research data in secret.
Goodness.
Gosh, he's strange.
He's really a gambler.
Dr. Do Shin Jae, the gambler.
Hi, Hae Ra.
I remembered who he is.
He's a gambler.
I heard he got fired...
from the lab for gambling.
He used the lab fund too.
"House".
I heard you pay a visit to the house frequently.
Do Shin Jae is a gambler,
and he was bribed by Park Chul Min.
They fabricated the witness.
It's more advantageous to us now.
Please look for more evidence on this.
Okay, I'll check which gambling house he goes to.
Good job, Chan Ki.
Hello, this is Jung Hae Ra...
from General Business Department.
Stop by my shop today.
Don't you have anything more luxurious?
Where did you get this cheap fabric?
I have something to tell you.
You'll regret if you don't come.
This is being recorded according to our rules.
I'll keep calling you to the office if you don't.
I'll see you later.
Use a higher-quality fabric for the dress.
This is unacceptable.
I didn't say I wouldn't.
Okay.
When will you finish making my clothes?
Everything including your spring coat, slacks,
long dress, and mini skirt will be done in two weeks.
Go now.
Aren't you going to take measurements?
You've gained half an inch for your waist.
What a ghost.
If you promise that you'll protect me,
I'll repent for what I've sinned in the past.
I promise.
I...
saw Park Chul Min.
On December 21,
when the lab caught on fire.
I was a deliveryman for a restaurant then.
Do you remember...
that the cafeteria didn't open on Fright evenings?
I do.
I went to deliver snacks often on Friday nights.
I was on my way to deliver food...
that day too.
I saw Park Chul Min...
run out of the lab hurriedly.
He could've done it...
because he was surprised by the explosion.
I thought the same at first.
But one day, he suddenly bragged...
that he changed his car and bought a house.
He was usually such a mean customer...
in our restaurant.
So I threatened him to see how he'd react.
I told him that I saw him that night.
I asked him what he'd give me...
in exchange for not telling it to the police.
He gave me...
a house and land.
I'm sorry.
I'll make sure to protect you.
You can testify what you just said...
to the police, right?
I will.
I think I need to do this...
for my son to regain his consciousness.
And...
I'm sorry.
Look at the camera.
1, 2, 3, cheese.
Cheese.
That's enough.
Let's eat now. All right.
It's delicious.
It has a history of more than 50 years.
It's been a famous place...
for proposals since long ago.
No wonder. I'm so jealous.
I think I've been here before.
Did your ex...
propose to you here before or something?
What are you talking about?
Eat up.
It'll be great if I get proposed here...
and come again for our wedding anniversary.
Great, my foot.
Who gets married nowadays? It's tacky.
Just live alone.
Gosh, ma'am.
Marriage is a tomb.
I'll get married even if it is.
Wedding anniversary?
Excuse me.
Yes?
Do you keep visitors' books...
from the past?
Yes, we do.
Come this way.
October 20.
October...
I found it.
(Our 15th wedding anniversary!)
(We met when we were 20.)
(Now, we're Hae Ra's parents. I love you!)
My dad was here that night.
Hae Ra.
What are you doing? Our dessert is here.
Please give me a moment.
(Blacksmith's)
Soo Ho.
I'm so relieved.
I'm going to go home...
and wear the ring that you proposed with.
Do you still have a lot to do?
Yes.
I'll show you at home.
Okay.
See you.
I remember the day when we first met.
You walked in...
with a cold and worn out face.
Why did you call me here?
Congratulations on your wedding.
I heard it from your aunt.
Did you meet Aunt Sook Hee?
I'm making her a half-coat.
I wasn't at that house. Don't worry.
She came here.
We're not getting married right away.
Well...
That might not happen forever.
He can't marry someone whose dad killed his dad.
Why did you want to see me?
You wanted to wear a wedding dress by me.
Not anymore.
I'm going to make it.
For you.
I won't wear it.
Goodbye then.
I liked Moon Soo Ho.
I couldn't help it.
He's a great man.
Why are you telling me this?
Haven't I been pretty odd?
You were very odd.
It was because I liked him.
But...
I let him go.
I want to make a dress for...
his bride-to-be.
Why?
It makes me look cool.
I still think...
you're very odd.
I'm going to make it.
Next story.
A gravesite dating back to the Joseon Dynasty was...
found in a construction site in Eunseong-gu.
It was found to be...
Koo Jeom Bok's grave, whose identity is unknown.
In his wooden coffin that was preserved perfectly,
a story written in Korean along with pictures...
and an earnest prayer was found.
The academic world is giving it much attention.
Reporter Kim Jin Seon will give you more details.
Jeom Bok...
("Bombarded With Rent After a Redevelopment")
You were my husband,
but you fell in love with my slave and dumped me.
You look tired.
Ms. Jang.
Things have been very weird recently.
That crazy brat said...
some weird things when she was there.
She's mentally unstable.
You don't have to mind her words.
And the story you told during your lecture...
began to pop into my head like it was my past.
That's because...
I'm such a great storyteller.
Ms. Jang.
Do you believe in a past life?
I'm not sure.
I don't think everyone has a past life.
But if you left...
with longing or resentment,
you might come back at least once.
I don't believe in those things.
Then don't.
But...
something is weird.
I think there is something to this.
Please draw them with your excellent talent.
And please leave this unbelievable story...
in writings.
Soo Ho.
Soon enough,
a story and pictures from a grave dating back to...
the Joseon Dynasty will be disclosed.
That is...
your past life.
Just remember this.
The woman who is dressed in silk,
pretending to be your wife is...
the wicked woman who killed you.
You were meant to be...
with the kind servant girl...
with a burn scar on her face.
A burn scar on her face?
Isn't that what's uncanny about our fate?
You also had...
a burn scar on your face when you were young.
- You look tired. - You look tired.
(Black Knight)
My ears are ringing, and I'm hearing things.
Something about him has changed.
I think my prayers are about to come true.
- Go. - That's not it.
Did you know Baek Hee is rather special?
I need to know the prayer which Koo Jeom Bok wrote.
Did Soo Ho find out that you've been sending texts?
It was your dad who set the lab on fire,
and it was him who killed Hae Ra's dad.
Even if that had happened,
nothing would change.
Don't come here anymore.
I love Hae Ra.
I'll spend the rest of my life with her.